# v4 - Acacia Upgrade
## Summary
This proposal upgrade is a testament to Jackal’s commitment to streamlining and enhancing the decentralized data storage experience. This upgrade is a huge leap forward, packed with protocol efficiency, user experience, interoperability, and economic upgrades. The V4 upgrade sets a new benchmark for the next generation of decentralized storage technology.

## Guide
Please visit the [upgrade guide](https://github.com/JackalLabs/canine-chain/blob/master/upgrades/v4.0.0.md) for details.

## Changelog
- Asynchronous Storage Proofs: Lowering bandwidth spikes for smoother operation.
- The Universal File: FID objects will be collapsed into a single UF object.
- Smart Storage Allocation: An on-chain algorithm decides the best storage providers to upload files to ensure decentralization and performance.
- Merkle Hash System: Removing FIDs and implementing a robust Merkle Hash.
- Individual Proving Windows: Each individual file gets its own proving time.
- Initial Proof Claims: Storage providers claim files by sending the initial proof improving user experience.
- Enhanced Signing Procedure: File uploads are signed on-chain before the upload starts for an improved user experience.
- Customizable Redundancy: Programmable redundancy enables the ability to alter the number of copies secured by the protocol.
- Interchain Accounts: Seamless integration across chains.
- IPFS Compatibility: Delivering the most robust storage layer to the IPFS discovery layer. Files on Jackal are now compatible with IPFS for enhanced discovery.
- Economics V2: Implementation of the v2 Economics outlined here 13. The this new model passed the signaling proposal on-chain 1.
- On-Chain Referral Program: Earn rewards when referring new users to the protocol with your .JKL name.

## Proposal
- A ‘Yes’ vote signals your endorsement of the proposal and the desired upgrade.
- A ‘No’ vote communicates your disagreement with the proposal.
- Opting for ‘No-With-Veto’ not only shows your dissent but also suggests the proposal could harm the network, calling for the forfeiture of the proposer’s deposit.

## The Code
Check out the full details on GitHub: [Acacia](https://github.com/JackalLabs/canine-chain/releases/tag/v4.0.0).